firefox migration doc updates (#22752)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/integration/migrating-firefox-extension.md

# Firefox Migration from self-hosted to Add-ons Store

Great news! We've recently made changes to our Firefox extension. We've migrated from hosting the extension ourselves to the add-ons store.

> If you previously installed the Firefox extension from our website, we recommend reinstalling the extension. Reinstalling the Sourcegraph Firefox extension is very easy. You can remove your current Sourcegraph extension by right-clicking the Sourcegraph logo and selecting "Remove Extension" from the dropdown. Once removed, you can navigate to the [Sourcegraph extension page](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/sourcegraph-for-firefox/) on the Firefox add-ons store and install the latest extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you previously installed the Firefox extension from our website, the first time you update it you'll need to reinstall the extension from the Firefox store, which can be done in two quick steps:  

First, remove your current Sourcegraph extension by right-clicking the Sourcegraph logo and selecting "Remove Extension" from the dropdown. Second, navigate to the [Sourcegraph extension page](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/sourcegraph-for-firefox/) on the Firefox add-ons store and install the latest Sourcegraph extension.

Future updates will be distributed through the Firefox store and won't require a re-install. 
```
